 record. Yeah, so yeah, I just finished my introduction. So do you want to like briefly introduce yourself and also like your role, work as a UX designer before? Because I think I'm mostly interested in your experience working as startup. So maybe you can tell a bit of, of your, yeah, yourself and your experience. Okay, so I'm Zoe and I currently I work as a part time designer, product designer in a startup and then the startup, the product is on building a platform. It's basically a dating app and the market is mostly in Asia. And previously before I graduate from college, I also work in two startup. And one is not a startup, but the tech team is a new, really new team. So I'm the only one designer. And before that, I also worked in another startup that they, their products, their product was building a platform for parents to find offline events for their kids. And their kids are, their ages are mostly around like five to 12. So it's pretty young kids. And we built that platform and I was the, you also product design intern at the time. And there was another product design lead. And only three of us. Another one is the UX researcher. So three of us working, what worked in that startup. But unfortunately, while I was interning the startup just closed. In that one, I think for that, my, it was, it was my first experience as a product design intern in the whole industry. And I did a lot of research in that interns, I can share more, because currently in my current startup, it's very, very new. And we had, we didn't add a lot of resource. So now we mostly doing the branding stuff. So I didn't do research in this company. So I can share more for my first one. Yes. So you said you, you intern at three companies, like as designers, right? So yeah, in general, a time yes. Yeah, right. So like, what is the company size for those three company and for the company that you conduct research? Especially like, what is the company size for that? For the first one, the one that I did a lot of research for the company size, let me think. About candlestar, including, yeah, the company size is very small and around 10 people, including CEO and the console. Okay. Yes. And for this company, you don't do research, right? I did research. Oh, we did research. Is that, that is the one you said you did a lot of research? Yeah, that one, the company called UClass. Okay. Yeah. And although there's also UX researchers, but as designer, you also did research, right? Yes. Okay. So we can focus on this, I guess, this, this experience? Yes, I think this is better. Okay. So maybe we can talk about this one. So yeah, I'm so I'm curious, like, what like as a designer, what is your process of like doing user interview or also analyzing user interview? I'm going to conduct it that. Yes. Let me think. So I remember at the time we collaborate with a product manager. And so before doing the interview, we had a lot of discussion, mostly mapping out the business problem and what is the user problem as well. So all of those are based on their experience or what CEO realized and a lot of assumption. So we just clack a lot of idea or thoughts before we conduct the interview. And we map out some area that we want to learn more from users. And then we start to decide and discuss what it, what would be the user research goal? And also we designed the interview outline together. And then after that, we invited a lot of our existing users from our platform at the time. And a lot of them, they are really willing to participate in the interview. And we met them in person. So we met, I remember that it's only two weeks. And we met about 12 parents either in their house or in the coffee shop. And we met then and talk about our stuff. And there's always will be two people interview at the same time. So one person mostly asked the question and then another one, take the notes. And a lot of data. And we also record the voice. So we analyze the data afterwards, after our interview, how do you analyze the data? I remember because at the time, we are super new. And then we didn't quite know what is user research. But we will share what we realized the most the most stunning insights after the interview. And then we three of us mostly three of us, PN, me, and another UX researcher. He is also an intern, so two intern and one PN. And then we we will quickly discuss what we heard. And very cool surprising we're studying. And we will record that very quickly on our notes. And afterwards, we will listen to that together again. And while we are listening, we will drop down the keywords or highlights on the sticky notes. And then we clutter the sticky notes together and mostly the PN at the time, he will give them a title or a summarize for those for different groups. So that's how we did synthesize. Got it, got it. So what let's say when you're conducting this user interview and analyzing the user interview, do you find any process that is like time consuming or it's tedious for you? I think the most time consuming is while we, because we conduct the interview. And then we need to listen to it again. And then during the whole, like maybe one or two hours in the window to do that again and then drop down all the things that we have already heard, but we've got. And I think that is very long process. And after that, we sometimes, because we drop down notes individually. So we need to explain what we've dropped down if the other person don't understand. So listen it again. And I feel there's so many times we listen. I'm not sure if it's needed, but I sometimes I feel if you listen to the record multiple times, sometimes there's other thoughts over pop up. So maybe it's not. So maybe it's important, but I don't know, but I just feel we do a lot of things multiple times. And after we drop down the notes and then the PN needed to, because we kind of to junior and then we are unable to give the summarize or title to each clutter. And the PN spent a lot of time, give them the title himself. And then remember that we wait by side and we just got him for like multiple hours. And yeah, I think it's the part. Yeah, that hopefully makes sense. Yeah, I think like you need to rewatch the video and you need to jot down the notes. And you also like the PN also need to spend time for like the affinity mapping, right, the cluster name. Yeah, it definitely like sounds takes a lot of time. Do you think like rewatching the video is like useful or like needed? Or what is the purpose for rewatching the video? Yes. So I think because while we were interviewing, we're trying to respect the interviewee and we want to look at the person. And then even there's a person, we all jot down notes, but it's very quick. And then we kind of worry that we mean something. So even we have a discussion afterward, we still want to revisit all the things and then think about it and then that the interviewer to jot down his notes or her notes. Yeah. So we're trying to capture all the things. So that is the purpose of why we watch. We capture all the things. Because I remember you mentioned like you think when you revisit the video, you can sometimes learn something more. Yes, right? Like I can't elaborate on that. Yeah. So what I would say this was sometimes I'm the interviewer and then why I'm asking questions. And then I try to focus a lot on the interview outline and asking questions and then listen to the person and then give them the reaction. So sometimes while they say something, I feel all this so cool, I want to shut down, but I can't. So while sometimes I will forget the information is kind of too quick to absorb and I sometimes miss something. So while I rewatch the video, we will watch it together. I was able to catch up something back that I missed. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. So when you conduct interview or record interview, do you use any tools? At the time, we are so like a very basic, we just use our phone. And sometimes we even didn't record a video, we only record audio, but we release it again. And we, oh, I remember at the time we have, we use a tool call something I forgot, but basically the function very simple. It just creates a mic map very easily, like a tree type of mic map. So we will have a person's name in the middle. And then what is the insights? And then we kind of jump there. So it's we will become a map of belong to that interview. Is that like AI generated? Or you need to do that by yourself? By ourselves. I think yeah, we didn't know what is AI. When was the internship? The internship was so many years ago. About five years ago. Yeah. It's all time ago. Yeah. Yeah, that's a long time ago. Well, but I think creating a mind map is such a good strategy though. Do you do that when you re listen to the interview or right after you interview with them? Just from your mind? That was why we are really listening. Oh, we're listening. Okay. Yeah. So sometimes we will use sticky notes. Sometimes we will if we have a computer bias, we will do the mind map. But I think the sticky notes is better sometimes because we can move it or clotted it easily. But for the mind map, if you want to drag it or something, the structure will be break and it's kind of hard to organize it. So sometimes we will do the sticky notes and then organize all the insights into the mind map made. But I think the process is kind of flexible to us. So sometimes we just bounce back and yeah, definitely. And yeah, so after you conduct and analyze this interview, do you need to present to your stakeholders as a designer? At the time, mostly was the PM to present. And we, I think it's also a small present. So me as a product designer, the UX research intern, both of us kind of present the simply and casually to the product manager. And then he also will discuss with us because sometimes he can participate the interview. So then sometimes he can. So we kind of present to him and then we discuss. So it's kind of like a cat draw sharing. And then he will present to the our boss at the time. And when he presents, did he use any like visualization to make it look better or more clear? Yes. So he will create a very simple slide deck. And then he will make each of our points into like very simple and then I catch way, clear way. I think it's mostly like how we design the presentation. And sometimes he will put the users picture if the person feel comfortable to that the our CEO know that all this is from or some quotes with sometimes he will put the quotes. And then today he know that all this is really important to the person. And then this is the real insights is not from us is from our user. And yeah, he will. I think the rejoice kind of important while he was presenting. So he said he used the simple like no point. It's more like a bully point. And right. That's similar. Yeah. And then use like user picture with like their coats. Like is it that is that all or did he also use something? I don't like the affinity mapping or the cluster you guys did. He didn't put I I forgot. But he showed it to us is the very single summarize summarize. You do slide. And I don't think he put those clutter because so everything is so quick. And then I think for putting a clutter picture or something those details. Yeah, he think elbows won't care about that. He just want to know the results. So I think the slide's no simple. Yeah, got it. And yeah, I guess that is all the questions for the is current company that you worked that that company worked with. I guess like so in other companies do like as designer, have you ever also conducted research? Yes, for other company, mostly I conduct research in bigger company. I'm not sure if it's helpful for you, but my first official job in our design team is very small, but it's a big company. So I think it's I don't know if it's helpful for you, but at the time we also conduct survey and also use your interview. And the survey we also use some tool called survey monkey because it will summarize for you. The they will give you the flow charts will give you the trend of how this survey was. And we also conduct interview, but the interview at the time we have another professional user researcher. So he will summarize all the thing and then create a deck to share also quotes and some insights to the whole company. So I didn't do much, but I do I did interview but that he to analyze. And I remember there's a tool called user testing. Yeah, so it has for user class. Yeah, we did we use that and I thought that is so helpful. So it will give you some highlights on the timeline. And then I think that might be a I like technology. Yes. And then my in my internship this summer. It's a it's also a bigger company, but we use a matter tool called Dovatore. Have you heard? Yeah, I heard. Oh, yes. Yeah. So that is kind of also help save a lot of time to summarize the primary research sites. And for my current company, we haven't do user research. We only look at data only. Okay. So for for the company that you did you you use a monkey. Do you know how big like you like around like the size that the company size about two to 300. Okay, two to 300. How about the company that you stop tell? I I oh you stop tell. Yeah, it's multiple thousand. I forgot. Oh, like like thousands of people. So it's like a large large company. Okay. And even in the large company as a designer used to conduct user interview. Yes. Oh, yeah, I'm curious like because I'm a UX researcher. And I feel like in my current company, most interviews are conducted by research, UX researchers. So why do you think sometimes UX designers also need to conduct interviews? Yeah, I think this is a really good question. I also have the similar question while I was interning this summer. So our design team structure is kind of special. Our team, we have multiple power designer and also two UX researcher, but they are mostly helping power designer to do the research. And then then they are they only do the research that directly impact the business stuff. So it's not a feature research. They do like higher level research. And then the features kind of a research power designer needed to do that. And we will then review our interview outline or our interview design by the research. But we conduct the interview. And I think it's quite good to me because I'm the one that going to design a feature. And I will not I will have some question that I want to know. I want to confirm with our user. And then while I'm doing the interview, I can dig down and I can ask the question I want to know. And sometimes P and we also participate interview. So it's kind of who designed this feature and the thing we'll kind of participate at to directly know the insights from the users. And also it's a power designer. Me, I need to synthesize and come out with the summarize summary and share with the whole team and come out with the feature together. So it's mostly power designer to do that. Yeah, yeah, I think that's great. Like, so you so when you cause like the interview, is it before you design the feature or after you design the feature before before? So it's more like understanding your needs and your pain points, like, yeah, the deeper, yeah, that interview. Okay. And is that within the five like is it within the very large company? Okay. So you stop tell as well. Yes. Oh, okay. So when you use dovetail, do like do you find it like useful or do I mean, I mean, do you find any like pain points that you don't like? I feel that I think they are too part the part I like the most is you upload your video or something and then you will transcript all the things for you and you can easily like I like some parts and give them the tag or summary quick summary to the so I think the flow of this is easy for me because previously I needed to use Google sheets and I needed to color code on my own hand and that one that was helping me and I think that UX is cool, it's cool. But I think maybe I needed to have a more SOP for using that or have more rule because I can add a lot of tag and that the tag is everyone can add a tag. So there will be so many repetitive tags with the same meaning and it's not really helpful and it made me feel the tool is so complicated and even if the video is too complicated that will use more of my time and sometimes I would even want to just use Figgen or something and I think also the good part is because it's kind of the data depository so sometimes I can search keywords and I can watch other features interview but it's kind of related to my product to my project so I can learn more based on previous interview from other private signers. So I think the history is very helpful and also there's a area that really like Figgen it will make up all of your transcript into like a section if you highlight them so you can clutter those scripts without typing it down on yourself. I think that also saves a lot of my time and they will I think you also have some AI summary stuff. How do you have a new stuff? Yeah I do stuff but I'm a worry and I don't worry. I maybe it's because AI just start really quick and I haven't just this so I will worry that it will miss some insights that maybe the computer can't understand so I will still read all the things and then trying to figure out if there's something the AI summary means but I think it's a good start that I will still copy them and then make them into some bigger category but I will still do all the things again and then trying to see if there's something missing. So I think that is not really saving my time but I don't know about the better in the future maybe they should ask us all the risks. Is this cover all the insights you want to find or something to try to improve? I don't know. Yeah I think it was a really good point that we want to tackle. It's like we want to like just design something that make it really AI user friendly like make users to trust the software so this just said maybe it could be better if it will ask the user to confirm like if the insights is enough or yeah to trying to build a feedback loop or something. Oh yeah I saw the same thing like because I think now the AI generator thing is just like directly give you like a summary but you cannot double check or like you cannot find evidence for that? Sure. Can you find what is the evidence you mentioned? Yeah the evidence for the summary Oh yes it just gives you all like some photo point but you don't know which one is come from where? Yeah you can't even sort back or sort you can sort back and it's some of the maybe some scripts you think it is so important but you don't know if it's included in each of the inside they provide. Yeah do you think it will be useful if if it asks you to compare like your own insights with the AI generated insights and yeah and then maybe you can add add your own insights after the AI insights or you can add it to the AI insights? Yeah I think that would be helpful. I think can add it it can be helpful and I think if the edits can be included in like a help the platform to improve their way to summarize I think that would be super helpful but I think I think you should that the platform should that the designer or researcher know about they are improving or what they miss or what they miss. Yeah just not just give you all the thing and then you still need to check. Yeah do you think it's better if you have like individual bullet points and each point can be linked back if you click on the bullet point you can link back to video and you can replay. Yeah I think it would be super cool if they give you a essay for one bullet point and I can click that to see how this AI to come up with this is from which scripts which video which section I think they will make me feel more that's worry because I can know if it missed anything or where it didn't come. Yeah all right that's that's all I want to ask and it's super helpful. Thank you thank you so much. Thank you. Do you have any questions like for for me or yeah or no? I'm just the platform mostly focusing on the primary research right? The the platform? Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah so we have almost one to focus on the primary research like the interview of user interview like well on one interview like why they want to do something what's their attitude to or something what's their pain point? Yeah but we are not aiming for the usability testing. Yeah okay okay. Okay I don't have any other questions. Thank you so helpful. I hope it's helpful. And you're really really helpful. Yeah okay. I stopped the recording.