 Cool. And yeah, just the first question is, I'm curious to know, I know that you are UX researcher yourself and I'm wondering what is your process of doing research in your work? My process is I start a meeting, I record it on Zoom as well as kind of how we're doing today and then I usually go through, I organize all my files by participant, by date, I have video recording and then I also transcribe the audio file so I have it in text format as well to easily be able to review. And then from there I usually add any insights that I see either by re-listening to the recording or by viewing the transcription into a digital affinity map and I generally use Figma for that and that's how I kind of am able to organize my findings and put them into a report that I then deliver to stakeholders. Okay, got it. So you said that you will use another software for transcribing, right? Do you know, could you give us an example of what software that you use for transcribing? Right now I'm using Microsoft to transcribe. You can do it easily with Word, it's not perfect but it's still a lot better than doing by hand. Yeah, definitely got it. And so after the transcribing you will have the interview scripts in Microsoft Word and then you will manually highlight those to find a key important thing to it. How do you categorize those insights or find the insights? Yeah, sometimes I will highlight them if I want to come back to it. But generally once I have the transcription and I go through and I kind of clean up the file a little bit, I just kind of reread through it. And then the important points that I see I copy into like an affinity map that I kind of created like a digital one in Figma where I have like individual post-its with text and that's where I kind of copy everything and I color code by each participant is a different color so that way I can see the range of responses I'm getting. If I get a lot of people saying the same thing, I can kind of get a visual aid in seeing the range of people that are saying similar things. Okay, I see. And yeah, I know I was wondering what specific tasks or activity that during this user research analysis process that you found is most time consuming or tedious. I would say the transcribing is the most tedious just because because the software I use is very imperfect. There will be a lot of mistakes. It will hear a word that's incorrect. I have to go through and make sure it doesn't say something really weird. Sometimes it says really weird things. For example, the research project I'm doing right now, you have to take a scan but oftentimes the transcription will transcribe it as skin and I'm like, no, we're not dealing with skin, we're doing a scan. So it's like just making sure that it's not completely bizarre. Yeah, understandable. So how many percentage of adjustment that you usually need to make after the transcribing from the Microsoft? I would say probably 20 to 30 percent depending on how nitpicky I am that day. Some days I'll, I mean, there's a lot of grammatical things like it'll put periods and question marks where they don't belong. But depending on how nitpicky I'm feeling that day I might just leave them there because the gist of the text is still there, the punctuation is less important. It's more for my reference than anybody else's. So it doesn't need to be perfectly clean. Got it. Got it. And yeah, and besides that is there any other time-consuming tasks that you can think of? I mean, the affinity mapping does take a little bit of time but it doesn't feel as time-consuming as the transcribing and pulling the findings is the most time-consuming thing. Got it. And so for the pulling of findings, you mean like highlighting those things to find and copy and paste those sentences to the stigma? Yeah, I would say so. Okay. Mostly because my tests are generally a little bit longer. Like sometimes they run over an hour. I try to keep it under that but sometimes it's difficult especially if there's technical difficulties, if the user is having a hard time with certain tasks or if they just have a lot to say on the subject, these are things out of my control as a researcher. So I've had tests go on over an hour and I'm like, sorry. Yeah, I mean, I am a UX researcher myself actually and I totally feel the same way. Yeah, so like sometimes we have like 10 interviews and each interview you have 40 to sometimes last until one hour. It's really long transcripts for us to read again and summarize all those insights. So yeah, yeah. And you mentioned for the affinity mapping is one of the way that you will use it as a user to present to the other teams, right? I generally don't show them my affinity map. I generally put it together into a report but like for time constraints, I have shown like if I'm seeing, for example, one of our biggest, I guess, goals for the product that we're creating is bringing value and also earning trust of users. So I remember pulling those specific insights from my usability tests and showing my stakeholders. This is where people are finding the most value and this is how we can earn their trust. So those are like very important factors that I am identifying in my test. So I'll show them in my affinity map, the varied responses that we're getting because I can deliver a report and say people value is important and this is what people are finding valuable. But sometimes it helps them to see the variation in different responses between participants of different demographics. Yeah, definitely got it. So I was curious to know which software that you use to write the report. Do you really think, oh, okay, got it. Yeah, if I'm trying to do something really quickly, I might use PowerPoint just because it's already set up and I just input text, but generally I use Figma because it's a little more flexible. Okay, got it. So you use Figma for affiliate mapping and also create a report using Figma. Okay. And yeah, I'm also curious, besides a Philippine mapping, is there any other way that for you to visualize your insights? I mean, for example, the video clips is that your company sometimes wants you to show the video edited video clips of the interview, interviewees, or just be fine. I upload all of the videos. So to our company wide server, so I will have team members sometimes go and watch a video. If I tell them something about it and they're like, oh, that's interesting. I want to go watch. Like, I will have sometimes my stakeholders will sometimes go back and watch recordings to get a little more information. But generally, I just include screenshots and visuals that will help them understand the context of what's going on for a specific insight. Okay, got it. And you mentioned this. This is for user interview or for user testing or for both for both. Like, this whole process for both. Yeah, because I've done user tests. I've done interviews, but I've also done studies that kind of take both into accounts, like half and half, half user testing, half interview. Yeah, totally understand. And for the user interview, so I will imagine, is it like a moderated user interview? Like, you will lead the user testing where you are moderated user testing, like you just let users to finish order tasks themselves. And then generally do moderated. I haven't done any unmoderated yet, although that is something that I've been looking into just to get a wider breadth of feedback. Yes. Okay, got it. And, um, yes, and I also curious, yeah, besides the fitting mapping, do you also need to create persona sometimes to present your findings or summarize your results? I have for discovery, like early discovery type projects. I have done some demographic research and created personas, but they're more proto personas than actual personas, if that makes sense, it's all it's mostly based on research and assumptions, not based on our actual users. Okay. Oh, God. And, um, yeah, and also besides besides user interviews and testing, also curious, you know, do you also involve in some survey analysis in your work as well? For example, for the open some open text questions in the survey, how do you usually analyze that? We have a feedback survey that we've been sending, and we ask for numerical ratings. So that'll just give us a little bit of a very easy way to say, oh, we're getting an average low rating or average high rating, or where can we like, and then they'll have open any questions about where we can improve. But our, our, our outreach for surveys isn't super, super high, so we haven't really had to do any detailed analysis of that yet. Okay. Got it. And, um, yeah, that was really helpful. And I wonder, uh, for the collaboration process, um, do you, like, how, how do you usually collaborate with the other designers or product managers? And do they wait until you finish the whole research project and checking what your progress or they will, like, ask you during the process when you do in the research? Um, a little bit of both. I'll generally show them my test plan and my script ahead of time, and I'll get feedback live during our, our meetings, um, on how they kind of envision and what, if their goals differ from my goals, because I kind of have to work up front based on what I know and the assumptions that I make, but sometimes there's additional information that I don't have. So that's helpful to have them input their feedback in real time. And then I've also, like, as our product has evolved, I've gotten, um, information from my stakeholders saying, oh, we'd really like for you to add a question about this or things, things of that nature. So I'm, I'm able to be flexible and make changes accordingly. And it's fine. It's fine. I get a lot of like, we're very small team. So we're very much involved in every step of the process. Um, so I actually enjoy having my stakeholders give me feedback, which I know for some researchers and designers, that's not so great. Um, but because I feel part of the team and it very much involved in the process from start to finish, it's like more, maybe it's more rewarding for me because of that. I don't know. Got it. Yeah, that sounds like the very, um, close connected collaboration relationship in your team. And I wonder so how, like, when they give you feedback, is it normally in the meeting or they will just comment in the document or infigma to give you the feedback? I get both. I get a lot of a little bit of both. Um, we use box and I'll usually upload my test plan and my script to box. It's like our server network or our storage network. It's kind of like a drop box type of situation, but we're all in it. We all have access to it. So sometimes my design lead might give me comments, like, for small changes, like, oh, maybe add this here or something like that. But then oftentimes if we, if we have the time, we'll just discuss it over a Zoom call. Okay, cool. Got it. And the box that the, the software that you just mentioned, is it like, software for you to store also for you to store all the previous documents that other team members can always check? Yeah, everything is there from previous research studies. Um, okay, all aspects. It's, it's, we treat it as like a non, like a server, but it's really just a storage um, software. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. So according to what you just mentioned, you, in your team, you use Figma, you use box, you use Microsoft Word, say any other software that you, you get, your team will use. Zoom. Zoom is a big one. Okay. Yeah. Zoom, right. And then as far as online, do you want to know about like online programs that we use as well? Because we have like Notion and AirTable. Oh, yeah. So these are also used within the product teams, right? Notion and and air table. Yeah. Yeah. Table. Okay. I'm very, I don't even know a lot about our table. Do mine tell me a little bit what is that useful? Yeah. It's very similar to how we use Notion, but Notion, I think is more for the engineers and air table is more just for product development. So we just input feedback, we input things to be addressed in order to grow the product and improve it, things like that. And it kind of shows like a in progress, what's priority zero priority one, which things need to be addressed immediately versus more as a nice to have. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's really, really helpful. And I think I have one, a tool for your two last questions. And that would be the end. So another question is, I wonder in your team, who is usually responsible for making decision of buying the software or not? Oh, probably the co founders. I mean, the zoom account, like I use that on my personal and the Microsoft, I use that for my, I use my personal for both of those. But a lot of our meetings are also held over zoom. I'm not sure what the other team members might use on their own personal side. But we, because we're a startup team, we don't have like designated, except for like the things that we share information on like box and air table, everything else is kind of like, in person you'll lose. Yeah. Loosely, loosely designated. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. And may I ask how many UX researchers seeing your team right now? And also, you ask these owners? I have, I'm the researcher. And then there is a design lead, who's kind of my direct report. And I work with her also on some design projects, because I, we're, we're a small team. So we kind of have to be all hands on deck a lot of the time. But it's fun. It's a, it's a great way to learn a lot. So it's awesome in that sense. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was working as a small company before. So yeah, I, I totally feel that I'm also the one with only one UX researcher in the team back then. Yeah. And yeah, just at the end, I just want to briefly just talk about our idea and a little bit and see how much that you were interested in this idea. So right now, our thinking is that we want to simplify the process of manually tagging those interview scripts and categorize those insights for you using this AI technology. So what we are imagine is after you upload your interview, zoom video to our website, you will, you will be like, you can enter your research questions and we can help you generate, generate all those insights with the evidence with the quotes from the interview scripts. And you can choose different visualization way that maybe you want affinity mapping and we will, we'll pull out this affinity mapping and fit all those insights into those affinity mapping framework. And if you want just points or just text, we can also do that for you, where some people, they want video clips, they want to show like, add all those supported evidence into one video clip that we can also have that option for them. So yeah, I'm just curious to know how do you find this will be helpful for you in this in your research process. They can just be honest that give any feedback that you can think of. Yeah, I mean, I actually, I saw another software that someone was launching that's kind of similar where it has the video, it pulls out the insights and then you can also go through the script, the text and highlight additional things that you think are interesting because I mean, AI does its best, but it doesn't have the human touch, right? I'll tell you the name of it. It was called, I was just looking in, it's called Envision, but it's spelled, are you familiar with it? I have a card of it. Is it, is it an V.I? I just, I copy the name and chat for you. So maybe it might be helpful to check it out since you're still in discovery. Yeah. And it was nice. It was organized. It had the video, it had the transcription already ready to go, but I think that, that human element for me was still missing. So I still prefer to go through and do it myself, maybe because I don't trust the insights that it's pulling as much as I trust my own brain. But I did like that it would automatically, once you uploaded the video, it would automatically come create the text file and highlight things that it thought were important to the research that would be useful for the researcher and for the team to see. Wow. And I know there's like other one, another one that somebody showed me, but I haven't used it yet. The problem is, is a lot of these are paid accounts. They're not free. So I don't really feel the need to spend the additional money. Maybe if the team grows and we can add something like that to the company repertoire, that would be nice. But yeah, I am trying to think of how like, I think having the affinity map feature would be nice as well, just because then you can, you can map all the insights by theme and play around with it in your own, because like maybe there's something a little bit deeper that you're trying to identify that's not on the surface, that you kind of have to look a little between the lines of what the speaker is, or what the participant is saying. Maybe there's like having the video is helpful because maybe what they're doing is also important. Like for example, my research study, when you, you take a body scan. So part of me, part of the research study is just seeing how people interact with the scanning technology. And if they're able to like, there's a different, there's a difference between people who may be more physically coordinated than not. So that's helpful for us as a team to identify where people are struggling and how we can make it easier and more user friendly. It's like a new piece of technology. Like a lot of people are really unaccustomed to having to like, do the pose and the spin and it's a little, some people, they get it right, right away and other people, they struggle a little bit. So it's interesting. Yeah, so it is not sometimes it's not all about the, what you said is also about how they react, how they move. I mean, during the user interview, what they click. Body language and that sort of thing. Like you can tell if somebody's getting frustrated, even if they don't say it. Yeah, yeah, definitely. So yeah, I guess the human part is still very important, especially analyze those qualitative data. So, and for the software that you just mentioned, invention, I think their idea is really, very similar to what we're trying to do. So definitely you probably will be a direct competitor for that. So I will check it out later. It's not only that, that's very helpful. We haven't noticed the software before and yeah, just trying to distinguish ourselves among all those others. Software, because AI kind of like involved in every software right now, every software trying to have this AI feature. So we're also thinking besides AI feature, what is our strength that could make us stand out than the others? Yeah, absolutely. I think, yeah, I would say being able to kind of map the insights would be kind of a cool way. Because I don't remember if they had that feature yet, I think they just had the video and transcribed and like highlighting the insights. And then you could, you could like go to a page where say you wanted to see, they had like chips of what insights they identified, or what insights like you could add themes. So you could select that theme and then all of the things that were tagged with that theme would come up. But it's still very much like a wall of text, not very visual. So I think, yeah, I think, yeah, I think depending on the person research design, some people may prefer having text and be more analytical. But I think from a design perspective, having those visual elements is important. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah, that is probably the things that we could do. I focus on the visualizing. Yeah, thanks. And I'm also curious like, how long do you usually spend on those like tagging and analyzing those interviews? In general, I mean, the whole part, the whole research part, not only just wanting to read the whole interview part. Oh, I couldn't even tell you to be honest. Because I could spend a couple of hours just on one participant, depending on if I'm, if I'm on a tight deadline, I might just skim through and like physically write down the things that I think are most important. Like if it's like a major usability error, I may just write it in a notebook. And then put together a quick report saying like, Oh, these are things we need to address right away. But the study I'm doing now, I've been doing for like two months now. So it's gotten, because we're, we're continuously iterating on a project as we continue testing. So I have been more focused on testing than I have been on pulling my fine days. So I'm actually a little bit behind on my documentation. Yeah, got it. Yeah, it's totally understand. So also, I'm just wondering. Yeah, sorry, I just lost my question. Let me think. Yeah, sorry, I was about to have a question just a minute. Just totally forget that. Um, yeah, I think that's all the questions. I guess if I have, if I remind my question, I probably will send a message to you in Slack. Yeah, I'm sorry that I my brain was like, no, that's okay. It happens. I'm happy to answer any additional questions. And if you guys still, if you need testers in future to like try prototype, I'm totally open to that. Please, please feel free to reach them. Yeah, that would be so nice. And if you know anyone who also, who is also one of also working industry as a UX researcher or product designer or product manager, and they're interested in doing this user interview, feel free to introduce them to me. Yeah, we are really, we really need a lot more participants right now. So yeah, thanks. Well, I know you posted in, um, what Slack channel did you post in? Oh, I posted the personal project help, I think. And was it in tech? Was it in tech fleet? Yeah, yeah. Okay, there's also another, um, there's a couple other Slack networks that I'm a part of. One of them is called hexagon. Are you familiar with it? No, how, I do know how can I join this channel? I can try to invite you to, actually, I might be able to invite you. Um, I'll see what I can do. Okay. Yeah, because, so is this also like a community for the product teams? Yes. And I've, I've found, um, I've used it to find participants for my own research study as well. So it's, there's researchers on there. And if you say like this is specifically to UX research, I think there are people. In fact, I think I might know somebody who'd be interested. I'll reach out to her and see. Oh, that'd be awesome. Yeah. Thanks so much. Yeah. Just let me know who sent me my sessions, like if she would be down for interview. Yeah. And you, you just remind me of the question that I was attending to us. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was trying to ask you for the recruiting part. Um, so you mentioned that you use this, um, channel Slack channel to recruit participants. What are the other channels do you use to recruit? Um, do you find challenging? Recruiting can be tough. Yeah. It's a full-time job. Um, oftentimes helping other people with their tests, I can get recruit, uh, I can recruit participants that way. I also just post, I post on tech fleet. I post on hexagon and I post on my student, um, Slack channel, um, which I don't know if I, unless you were a student, I don't know how you'd be able to get into that one, unfortunately. Um, and those are my main avenues. And then my personal network, of course, like I had an old coworker that recently I learned that she was having a hard time finding genes. And I'm like, oh, you'd be a perfect participant for my test. And she's like, yeah, let's do it. Got it. And, um, so do those usually come with the incentives where it's usually free of like voluntary. It's usually voluntary. Um, I do try to offer people something in return. Like, I had a girl who just asked me to give her feedback on her portfolio. And I was like, absolutely. Um, sometimes, you know, my friends, I'm like, I owe you a cup of coffee. And they're like, nah, don't worry about it. Cause they're my friends and they'll just do it because it's fine. And then as far as like from the student network, usually if they're doing usability tests or their students and they want advice on, like I have a call later today with someone who's interested in learning more about UX research. And I might just say, Hey, you're, would you like, I might, I'll probably ask you to like, I ask people if they'll participate in my test. And sometimes they do. And sometimes they can't. And that's fine. It's just a way to like help, help everybody. And also hopefully, you know, we all help each other, right? Because we're all researchers. Yeah, it's really, yeah. Like any testing that you need participant, I'm also we're going to join. Yeah, I'm really thankful that you, your, your insights today, I think it's really helpful. And you mentioned several stuff, software that I definitely need to check it out later. So yeah, yeah, I'm happy to help. And yeah, I'll send you some information about my test. If you like to participate or it's up to you, it's not required, obviously, because I'm happy to help regardless. But I appreciate the offer. Yeah, it would love to. And I think that would be the end of all the questions we have at the end of this interview. So, since again, and I'm really enjoyed chatting with you and I will keep you updated of our progress in this project. Yeah, please do. I'm excited to see what you guys come up with. Yeah, excited. And then have a great day, thank you, you too. Bye, Catherine. Thank you.