interview-video-3

Speaker 0: Accord? Yeah. So, yeah, I just finished my introduction. So do you want to, like, briefly introduce yourself and also, like, your role, work as a UX designer before because I'm I think I'm mostly interested in your experience working at a start up. So maybe you can tell a bit of of your, yeah, yourself and your experience.

Speaker 1: Okay. So I'm Zoe, and I currently, I work as a part time designer, product designer in a start up. And at the start up, the products is building a platform. It's basically it's a dating app, and the the, the markets is mostly in Asia. And, honestly, before I graduate from college, I also work in 2 start up.

And, one is not a start up, but the tech team is a new really new team, so I'm the only one designer. And before that, I also worked in another startup that they, their products well, their product was building a platform for parents to find offline events for their kids. And their kids are their ages are mostly around, like, 5 to 12. So it's pretty young kids, and we build that platform. And that was the new, also, product design intern at the time, and then there was another, product design lead and only 3 of us.

Another one is the UX researcher. So 3 of us working what, worked in that startup. But, unfortunately, while I was interning, the startup just, they closed at the time. Oh, no. So I always have that one.

Yeah. But in that one, I think for that, my it will, it it's it was my first experience as a product design intern Mhmm. In the whole industry, and I did a lot of research in that intern so I can share more. Because currently, in my current start up

Speaker 0: Mhmm.

Speaker 1: It's very, very new, and we had we didn't had a lot of resource. So now we're mostly doing the branding stuff. So I didn't do research in this company, so I can share more for my first one. Okay. Got it.

Yes.

Speaker 0: So how many, so you said you you intern at 3 companies, like, as designers. Right?

Speaker 1: So Yeah. Or Let's see. In general part time. Yes. Yeah.

Speaker 0: Right. So, like, what is the company size, for those for company and, for the company that you conduct research? Especially, like, what is the company size for that?

Speaker 1: For the first one, the one that I did a lot of research, the company size, let me think. About 10 or so, including yeah. The company size is very small and around about 10 people, including CEO and, consult.

Speaker 0: Okay. Yes. And for this company, you don't do research. Right? I did research.

Oh, you did research. Is oh, it that that is the one you said you did a lot of research?

Speaker 1: Yeah. That one the company called UCLASS. Okay.

Speaker 0: Yeah. And although there's also UX researchers, but as designer, you also did research. Right? Yes.

Speaker 1: Yes.

Speaker 0: Okay. So we can focus on this, I guess, this this experience?

Speaker 1: Yes. I think this is better.

Speaker 0: Okay. So maybe we can talk about this one. So yeah, I'm so I'm curious, like, what like, as a designer, what is your process of, like, doing user interview or, also analyzing user interview? Like, you conducted that.

Speaker 1: Yes. Let me think. So I remember at the time, we collaborate with a product manager. And so before doing the interview, we had a lot of discussion, mostly mapping out the business problem and what is the user problem as well. So all of those are based on their experience or what CEO realized and a lot of assumption.

So we just clock a lot of idea or thoughts before we conduct the interview, and we map out some area that we want to learn more from users. And then we start to decide and discuss what it what will be the user researching goal, and, also, we designed the interview online together. And then after that, we invited a lot of our existing users from our platform at the time. And a lot of them, they are really willing to participate in the interview, and we met them in person. So we met I remember that it's only 2 weeks, and we met about 12, parents, either in their house or in the coffee shop.

And we met then and then talk about our stuff. And there's always will be 2 people interview at the same time. So one people mostly one person mostly ask the question, and then another one take the notes. And we log a lot of datas, and we also record the, the voice. So we analyze the data afterwards, after our interview.

How do you And then we Like,

Speaker 0: how do you analyze the data?

Speaker 1: How do you Yeah. I remember a time because at the time, we are super new, and then we didn't quite know what is user research, but we will share what we realized the, the most the most stunning insights after the interview. And then we 3 of us mostly 3 of us, Pian, me, and another UX researcher. He is also a intern. So 2 intern and 1 PM.

And then we we will quickly discuss what we heard and are very cool, surprising, or stunning, and then we will record that very quickly on our notes. And then afterwards, we will listen to that together again. And while we are listening, we will jot down the keywords or highlights on the sticky notes, and then we clutter the sticky notes together and mostly the PN at the time. He will give them a title or a summarize for those for different groups. So that's how we did, synthesize.

Speaker 0: Got it. Got it. So, when you, let's say, when you conducting this user interview and analyzing the user interview, do you find any process that is, like, time consuming or it's tedious for you?

Speaker 1: I think the most time consuming is while we so we conduct the interview, and then we need to listen today again. Mhmm. And then during the whole, like, maybe 1 or 2 hours, and then we need to do that again and then jot down all the things that we have already heard, but we forgot. And I think that is very long process. And after that, we sometimes because we jot down notes in on individually.

So we need to explain what we jot down if the other person don't understand. So it's,

Speaker 0: Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1: Explain again, listen it again. And then I feel there's so many we listen. I'm not sure if it's needed, but sometimes I feel if you listen to the record multiple times, sometimes there's other thoughts will pop up. So maybe it's not so I maybe it's important, but I don't know. But I just feel we do a lot of things multiple times.

Speaker 0: Yeah.

Speaker 1: And after we jot down the notes and then the PM needed to because we kind of choose junior, and then we are unable to give the summarize or title to each clutter. And the PN spend a lot of time, give them the title himself. And then Oh. During the just remember that we wait by side, and we just look at him for, like, a multiple hours. Mhmm.

And, yeah, I think it's the the part.

Speaker 0: Yeah. Yeah. That that that hopefully makes sense. Yeah. I think, like, you need to rewatch the video, and you need to jot down the notes.

And you also like, the PM also need to spend time for, like, the affinity mapping, right, the cluster name. Yeah. And it it definitely, like, sounds takes a lot of time. Do you think, do you think, like, rewatching the video is is, like, useful or, like, needed?

Speaker 1: Or what is the purpose what

Speaker 0: is the purpose for for you watching the video?

Speaker 1: Yes. So I think because while we were interviewing, we're trying to respect the interviewee, and we want to look at the person. And then even there's a there's a p there's a person we'll jot down notes, but it's very quick. And then we kind of worry that we missed something. So even we have a discussion afterward, we still want to revisit all the things and then think about it, and then let the interviewer to jot down his notes or her notes again.

So we're trying to capture all the things. So that is the purpose of why we would watch.

Speaker 0: Try to capture all the things. Because I I remember you mentioned, like, you think when you revisit the video, you can sometimes learn something more? Yes. Right? Like, I can elaborate on that.

Yeah. So, what

Speaker 1: what I would say this was sometimes I'm the interviewer, and then while I'm asking question, and then I try to focus I focus a lot on my the, interview outline and asking a question and then listen to the person and then give them the reaction. So sometimes while they say something, I feel all this so cool that I want to be shut down, but I can't. So while and it will sometimes I will forgot where the information is kind of too quick to absorb, and I sometimes I miss something. So while I rewatch the video, we we we watch it together, I was able to catch up something back that I missed.

Speaker 0: Yeah. That makes sense.

Speaker 1: Mhmm. Yeah.

Speaker 0: So when you conduct the interview or record the interview, do you use any tools?

Speaker 1: At the time, we are so, like, very basic. We just use our I our phone. And sometimes we even didn't record a video. We only record audio, but we release it again. And we oh, I remember at the time, we have we use a tool called something.

I forgot. But, basically, the function, very simple. It just create a mind map very easily, like a tree type of mind map. So we will have a person's name in the middle, and then what is the insights, and then we kind of drop them there. So it's we will become a map of belong to that interviewee.

Speaker 0: Oh, that is that, like, AI generated, or you need to

Speaker 1: do the Oh, it's

Speaker 0: by yourself?

Speaker 1: By yourself. I think at the time, we, yeah, we didn't know what is AI.

Speaker 0: When when was the internship?

Speaker 1: The internship was so many years ago. About 5 years ago. Yeah. Long times ago.

Speaker 0: Yeah. That yeah. That's a long time ago. Well but I think creating a mind map is such a good strategy, though. Like, to do you do that when you relisten to the interview or right after you interview with them just from your mind?

Speaker 1: That was why we are relistening.

Speaker 0: Oh, relistening. Okay.

Speaker 1: Yeah. So sometimes I will we will use sticky notes. Sometimes we will if we have a computer by us, we will do the mind map. But I think the sticky noise is better sometimes because we can move it or cloud it easily. But for the mind map, if you want to drag it or something, the structure will be break, and it's kind of hard to organize it.

So sometimes we will do the sticky notes and then organize all the insights into the mind map later. But I think the process is kind of flexible to us, so sometimes we just bounce back and

Speaker 0: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely.

And yeah. So after you conduct and analyze this interview, do you need to present to your stakeholders as a designer?

Speaker 1: At the time, mostly was the PM to present. Mhmm. And we we, I think it's also a small prison. So me as a product design intern and the UX research intern, both of us kind of presented simply and casually to the product manager, and then he also will discuss with us because sometimes he can't participate the interview, so and sometimes he can't. So we kind of present to him, and then we discuss.

So it's kind of like a casual sharing, and then he will present to the our boss at the time.

Speaker 0: And do when he presents, did he use any, like, visualization to make it look better or more clear?

Speaker 1: Yes. So he will create a very simple slide deck, and then he will, make each of our points into, like, very simple and then eye catching way, clear way. I think it's mostly, like, what how we, design the presentation. And sometimes you will put the user's picture if the person feel comfortable to that the our CEO know that, oh, this is from or some quotes, which sometimes he will put a quote. And then to that, he know that, oh, this is really important to the person, and then this is the real insight.

It's not from us. It's from our user. And, yeah, he will I

Speaker 0: think the visual is kind of important while he was presenting. Did he so he said he used the, simple, like, note a point. It's more like a bullet points. And right? That's similar.

Mhmm. Yep. And then use, like, user picture of his, like, their codes. Like,

Speaker 1: is it

Speaker 0: that is that all, or did he also use something, I don't know, like the, affinity mapping or the cluster you guys did?

Speaker 1: He didn't he didn't put I I I forgot. But what he showed it to us is the very simple summarize summarize you do slide. And I don't think he puts those clutter because so everything is so quick. And then I think for putting a Clouder picture or something, those detail Yeah. He think our boss won't care about that.

He just want to know the results. So I think the the slide is so simple.

Speaker 0: Yeah. Got it. And, yeah, I guess that is all the questions for this current, company that you worked the yeah. That company you worked with. I guess, like so in your other companies, do you like, as designer, have you ever also conducted research?

Speaker 1: Yes. For other company, mostly, I conduct research in bigger company. I'm not sure if it's helpful for you, but, my first official job Mhmm. In our design team is very small, but it's a big company. So I think it's I I don't know if it's helpful for you, but at the time, we also conduct survey and also user interview.

And the survey, we also use some tool called, SurveyMonkey because it will summarize for you the they will give you the flow charts or give you the trend of how this, survey was. And we also come back interview. But the interview at the time, we have another professional user researcher. So he will summarize all the thing and then create a deck to share also quotes and some insights to the whole company. So I didn't do that much.

But I do the I did interview, but that him to analyze. And I remember there's a tool called user testing.

Speaker 0: Yeah. So test for

Speaker 1: Yeah. User pass. Yeah. We did we used that, and I thought that is so helpful. So it should it will give you some highlights on the timeline.

And then I think that might be AI help, like, technology. Yes. And then my in my internship this summer, it's a it's also a bigger company, but we use another tool called Dovato. Have you heard of it? Yeah.

Yeah. I heard. Oh, yes. Yeah. So that is kind of also help us save a lot of time to summarize the primary research insights.

And for my current company, we haven't do user research. We only look at data

Speaker 0: only. Oh, okay. So for for the company that you did, you, you you use SurveyMonkey. Do you know how big like, you like, around, like, the size that the kind of company size?

Speaker 1: About 2 to 300.

Speaker 0: Okay. 222 to 300. How about the company that use Dovetail?

Speaker 1: I I oh, use Dovetail? Yeah. It's it's multiple thousand. I forgot.

Speaker 0: Oh, like like, thousands of people. So it's, like, a large large company. Okay. And even in the large company, as a designer, you used to conduct user interview?

Speaker 1: Yes.

Speaker 0: Oh, yeah. I'm curious, like, because I'm a UX researcher, and I feel like in my current company, most interviews are conducted by rex researchers. So why do you think sometimes UX designers also need to conduct interviews?

Speaker 1: Yeah. I think it this is a really good question. I also have the similar question while I was interning this summer. So our design team's structure is kind of special. Our team, we have multiple product designer and also research.

And then then they are they only do the research that directly impact the business stuff. So it's the it's not a feature research. They do, like, higher level research. And then the features kind of a research, product designer needed to do that. And we will then then review our interview outline or our, interview design by the US researcher, but we conduct the interview.

And I think it's quite good to me because I'm the one that going to design a feature, and I will know I I will have some question that I want to know. I want to confirm with our user. And then while I'm doing the interview, I can dig dig, I can dig down, and I can ask the question I want to know. And sometimes PM will also participate in the interview. So it's kind of who designed this feature, and then the team will kind of participate that to directly know all the insights from the users.

And, also, it's product designer. Me, I need to synthesize and come out with the summarize some summary and share with the whole team and come out with the feature together. So it's mostly product designer do that. It's kind of

Speaker 0: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's great. Like, so you so when you connect the reinterview, is it before you design the feature or after you design the feature?

Speaker 1: Before.

Speaker 0: Before. So it's more like understanding your needs, and pain points, like yeah. The deeper yeah. That interview. Okay.

And is that within the 5 like, the is it within the very large company?

Speaker 1: Mhmm.

Speaker 0: Okay. So you use Dovetail as well? Yes. Oh, okay. So when you use dovetail, do, like, do you find it, like, useful?

Or I mean, I mean, do you find any, like, pain points that you don't like?

Speaker 1: I feel that I think there are 2 part. The part I like the most is you upload your video or something, and then you will transcript all the thing for you. And then you can easily, like, highlight some parts and then give them the tag or summary quick summary to the so I think the flow of this is easy for me because previously, I needed to use Google Sheets and I needed to Right. Color code on my own hand. And that one that tool is help, helping me.

And I think the UX is cool is cool. But I think maybe I needed to have a more SOP for using that or have more rule because I can add a lot of tag. And then the tag is everyone can add a tag. So there will be so many repetitive tags with the same in the meeting. And it's not really helpful and made me feel the tool is so complicated.

And I even feel it's too complicated that will use more of my time. And sometimes I will even want to just use FigJam or something. And

Speaker 0: That makes sense.

Speaker 1: Also the good part is because it's kind of a data, depository. So sometimes I can search keywords, and I can watch other features interview, but it's kind of related to my product to my project. So I can learn more based on previous interview from other private signer. So I think the history Yeah. Is very helpful.

And, also, he there's a area that I really like fiction. It will make up all of your transcript into, like, a section if you, highlight them. So you can clutter those scripts without typing it down on yourself. I think that also save a lot of my time. And they will I think they also have some AI summary stuff.

Speaker 0: How do have you used that?

Speaker 1: Yeah. I used that, but I'm a worry. Oh, really? Worry. I I I maybe it's because AI just start really quick, and I haven't really trusted.

So I will worry that it will miss some insights that maybe the computer can't understand. So I will still review all the thing and then trying to figure out if there's something the AI summary means. But I think it's a good start that I will still copy them and then make them into some bigger category, but I will still do all the thing again and then trying to see if there's something missing. So I think that is not really saving my time, but I don't know. We'll do better in the future.

Maybe they should ask us all the leads. Is this cover all the insights you want to find or something to try to improve? I don't know.

Speaker 0: Yeah. I think you mentioned a really good point that we want to tackle. It's like, we want to, like, just design something that make it really AI user friendly, like, make users to trust the software. So Yes. You just said, maybe it could be better if it's will ask the user to confirm, like, if the insights is enough.

Or

Speaker 1: Yeah. To trying to build a feedback loop or something. Oh,

Speaker 0: yeah. I I I saw the same same thing. Like, because I think now the AI generated thing is just, like, directly give you, like, a summary, but you cannot double check or, like, you cannot find evidence for that?

Speaker 1: For sure.

Speaker 0: Can you find

Speaker 1: What is the evidence you mentioned you're finding?

Speaker 0: The the evidence for the summary.

Speaker 1: Oh, yes. It just give you all, like, a sample reporting, but you don't know which one is come from where. Yeah. You can't even sort back or sort you you can sort back. And it's some of them maybe some scripts, you think it is so important, but you don't know if it's included in each of the inside they provide.

Speaker 0: Yeah. Do you think it will be useful if if it ask you if if it it ask you to compare, like, your own insights with the AI generate generated insights. And yeah. And then maybe you can add add your own insights after the AI insights, or you can edit the AI insights.

Speaker 1: Yeah. I think that that would be helpful. I think can add this. It can be helpful. And I think if the add this can be included in, like, a help the platform to improve their, way to help you summarize, I think that would be super helpful.

But I think I think you should that the platform should that the designer or researcher know about they are improving or what they miss or what they can miss.

Speaker 0: Yeah.

Speaker 1: Just not just give you all the thing, and then you you still need to check.

Speaker 0: Yeah. So you think it's better if you have, like, individual bullet points and each point can be linked back? If you click on the bullet point, it can link back to video, and it can replay.

Speaker 1: Yeah. I think it would be super cool if they give you, let's say, for one bullet point, and I click that to see how this AI to come up with this. It's from which scripts, which video, which section. I think that will make me feel more less worry because I can know if it missed anything or where did it come from.

Speaker 0: Yeah. Alright. That's that's all I want to ask, and it's super helpful. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Speaker 1: Thank you. Do you

Speaker 0: have any questions, like, for for me or yeah. Or no?

Speaker 1: So, I I'm just is the platform mostly focused on the primary research. Right?

Speaker 0: The the the platform? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The design.

Yeah. So, yeah, we'll most want to focus on the primary research, like the interview of, user interview, like, 1 on 1 interview, like, why they want to do something, what's their attitude, towards something, what's their pain point. Yeah. But we are not, aiming for the, usability testing. Yeah.

Oh, okay. Okay.

Speaker 1: Yeah. I don't have other questions.

Speaker 0: Yeah. You don't you don't have any questions? Yes.

Speaker 1: I don't have any other questions.

Speaker 0: Thank you. So helpful.

Speaker 1: I hope it's helpful.

Speaker 0: Really, really, really helpful. Yeah. Okay. I'll stop the recording.
